Clarify when the sourcemap endpoint returns a 404 (#570)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/api/sourcemaps.html.md

- The API will return a `201` HTTP status code if successful.
- The API will return a `400` HTTP status code with a JSON response when a validation error has occurred.

> - The API will return a `404` HTTP status code if no site exists for the given app name, environment and API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API will return a `404` HTTP status code if no app exists for the given app name, environment and Push API key combination.
```
